# Booster

## Requirments

- Java >= 1.8
- Gradle >= 7.0

## Command

The command to execute Booster is as follows:

```
java -Xmx64g -XX:-OmitStackTraceInFastThrow -classpath {classPathForProgram}:{Booster_jar} Main {classPathForProgram}:{Booster_jar} {TestFilePath} {FullyQualifiedClassName} {testdir} {generation_time_budget} {num_split} {method} {assertion}
```

* classPathForProgram
    * Booster removes uncompilable tests during the test generation process and executes the tests to create a regression oracle. For this purpose, it requires the classpath to execute tests on the target program. The classPathForProgram represents this classpath.
* [Booster_jar](./Booster-shadow.jar)
    * It refers to the executable file of Booster that includes all dependency libraries.
* TestFilePath
    * Path of initial test suite
    * ex) `{dir_to_test}/org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRendererTest.java`
* FullyQualifiedClassName
    * Fully qualified name of initial test class
    * ex) `org.jfree.chart.renderer.category.AbstractCategoryItemRendererTest`
* testdir
    * The directory path where the initial test suite exists, excluding the package path.
    * ex) `{dir_to_test}` of `{dir_to_test}/org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer_ESTest.java`
* generation_time_budget
    * It is the time allocated for Booster to collect and assemble inputs from the initial test suite.
* num_split
    * The time budget allocated for test generation is divided by this number to generate multiple test suites.
    * For example, in our experiment, test generated over 240 seconds was split into 4 test files, each with a 60-second interval.
* method
    * Booster assembles the collected inputs into the initial test suite using Sequence-Changing and Sequence-Preserving methods.
    * seqc: Sequence-Changing method
    * seqp: Sequence-Preserving method
    * both: Both modes are executed for the time budget allocated to {generation_time_budget}.
* assertion
    * Decides whether to generate test oracles
    * true : Generates Test Oracles
    * false : Omits Test Oracles

## Output

{initial_test_suite_name}\_{C|P}\_{n}.java: new test suite generated by Booster

* C: Sequence-Changing mode
* P: Sequence-Preserving mode
* n: number of split